no if you just listen to me with y'all
bogged down in traffic right now you
would have made yourself an extra five
bucks yeah you keep the five bucks buy
something special
[Music]
hey come on I think I got five stops to
make what's your name max max I'm
Vincent I'm using the alley behind the
building
you could read light backs hold on hold
on man you're gonna drive me around
tonight and never be the wiser but we're
in the Plan B now we got to make the
best of it
improvise adapt to the environment
whatever man we got a roll with it you
just made it once and you kill it like
that but I should only kill people after
I get to know them I'm not up for this
what are you gonna do about it there's a
man named Fitz I got another deal Wade
he's already killed witnesses he's
coming to kill you
what's blowing what's my work that's fun
[Applause]
[Music]
you